---
layout: category-post
title:  "RA4: Interviews"
date:   2019-09-22 12:10:00 -0700
categories: general
---

Before I came to college, I was considering a psychology major.  The plan was to go straight for a PhD and become a researcher.  I just loved the way that psych research allowed people to gain a better understanding of how people interact with and understand their world.  The initial reading about interviews kept making me think back to psych research that used these same strategies.  Even though it is two different fields, the approaches seem very similar.

This also made me think of my senior capstone.  For my CS senior capstone, I did the entrepreneurial option.  As part of this, I had to conduct empathy interviews to determine where to take our new product.  What's interesting is that the capstone had a large focus on highly structured interviews.  Though this allowed us to compare answers across the board, it didn't let us explore topics we hadn't already considered.  The chapter's section on semistructured interviews was really interesting because it shows a benefit to a mix of structured, semistructured, and unstructured interviews.  By starting with an less structured interview, ideation can begin.  Later following up with structured interviews can then test out the ideas generated from initial discussions.

The section on question types presented a lot of cool different classes of questions.  The survery wording effect was always something I thought was cool.  I thought it was interesting that slight variations in wording can cause major differences in answers.  Conceptual mapping is an approach I hadn't conisdered.  It is a way more freeform way of getting people to describe a situation.  Instead of solely relying on their ability to describe it verbally, you also are left with the drawings they make.  This gives two different places to gain information form the interviewee.

The first paper I read was *How Teens with Visual ImpairmentsTake, Edit,and Share Photos on Social Media*.  I chose it because it's something that I really take for granted.  I've never considered how visual impairment impacts someone's ability to interact with social media.  My main takeaway was that VIPs use these apps in a pretty similar fashion.  I honestly didn't have some major revelation after reading this.  It was a paper that just talked about how young adults wanted to use Instagram and Snapchat.  Because of visual impairment, they have a more difficult time using the apps than someone without visual impairment.  The one specific situation that stuck out to me was when it described a user using the magnification built into their iPhone.  iOS supports a triple tap gesture to enable a zoom.  But if you do this on top of an image in Instagram, it likes the picture.  That's just an interesting situation where two different designs are interacting in an unintended way.  Because of an app-level design decision, an OS level design choice is impacted.

The final paper I read was *Freedom to Roam: A Study of Mobile Device Adoption and Accessibility for People with Visual and Motor Disabilities*.  I chose this because I'm still really interested in mobile technology research.  A thought that i had when reading was about the accessibility of research itself.  This paper required participants to diary about daily usage.  While this seemed to be an achievable requirement for the participants, it made me wonder about studies whose methodology is inaccessible to its participants.  The paper listed a lot of strategies that people used to better interact with their technology.  There were many examples of people with low vision that had to make choices based on whether they would be able to hear their surroundings.  Taking a phone call could mean that they are completely unable to hear around them which could pose a safety concern.  This causes people to use either a single headphone or even their phone speaker assuming there are no privacy concerns.  These also remind me of the Apple TV remote redesign.  Even though the research was looking at existing mass-market devices, seeing these workarounds can teach us about what solutions people will want to use in their daily lives.